Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org
Come in.
The bedrooms are over there.
It's very nice here in the summer.
you'll see.
Ana. are you coming?
Ana...
Here is the kitchen.
I'll show you how everything works later.
You'll see here it's all pretty much
the same as in Barcelona.
The schedule too. although here it's
best if you take your break after lunch.
since it's all calmer then.
And remember what we talked about
for the weekends...
These four weeks of
August you'll work everyday.
and then we'll compensate you this fall.
Keep working as usual. Ana.
Hard work and discretion
What's up family!
Hey Ana!
- Oh. you're having dinner already?
- Have you seen the time?
Traffic...
The roads are full of Frogs this summer.
How's my little angel?
- Did you have a good flight?
- Yeah not too bad.
- Did you take the Audi?
- Yes.
Does that thing still beep?
I don't know. I didn't notice.
- Leave some for Ana. sweety.
- Yeah.
And these flowers. Ana?
I grabbed them from the field.
Don't you like them?
Oh yes... Very much.
Thank you. Ana.
Thank you.
Here. Ana.
It was delicious.
I'll open it.
All good?
Yes. sir. There was a lizard.
You start early.
Ana. what are you doing?!
Get out! Out!
Who told you to feed a cat in my garden?
I'm sorry... I didn't know...
it's only a kitten...
Fuck the little kitten!
Come on Ana... think for a second!
Don't you see he's gonna come
every day and destroy my vegetables?
Yes. sir.
Yes. Mommy.
we're already at the vacation home.
Yes.
It's huge and gives me lots of work...
Yes. Mom.
this is the last month of probation.
Then in September they'll handle
the contract and the papers.
Yes. I think this month
I'll be able to send more money.
Yes madam. Amen.
How much more
do we need for Eva's tuition?
Wow... it's a lot still...
Well Mommy...
Don't worry.
Yes. I told you they are good people.
And Eva? Is she studying hard?
Her SATs are coming up. right?
Alright...
Good morning. Ana!
No worries. I won't tell! I'm a tomb.
Seriously. I don't care
that you smoke or whatever you do.
You can feel at home here.
- Did my parents leave for the boat?
- Yes.
Ana! Can you make me
eggs and an orange juice?
- Morning. Ana!
- Excuse me. I found this in the sofa.
You smoke. right? Keep it!
- Thank you.
- No worries.
Ana. could you help me for a moment?
Thank you.
I didn't know the flamingo would be
so huge. My mom is going to hate it.
- Do you want us to take turns?
- No! This is a great booty workout.
I like your car!
I'll give you a ride whenever you want.
- Can I help you with that?
- Yes please.
Shit. this is very heavy!
Yes... hold there please.
Let's go. Hold it tight.
- And what is it?
- The base of a sculpture I think.
- You're new. right?
- Yes.
- Colombian?
- Yes. like you.
Yeah. but you're from Antioquia. right?
And you must be from Barranquilla.
asking so many questions?
Where should we take it?
I think let's leave it here for now.
It should be good here.
But this must be for the garden.
if it's a sculpture.
You think?
Yes. They love having
sculptures in the garden.
I bet it's a marble woman.
- Really?
- Yeah. you'll have a new friend.
Oh. Gisela. what are you doing here?
- Nothing. Mrs. Roca. helping...
- Ana.
...Ana to carry this package.
- Can you leave it in the garden. please?
- Sure. ma'am. of course.
Mrs. Roca...
What's the sculpture?
It's stone.
Come on... 1. 2. 3!
Better like this.
As you can see. this one is not an NFT.
This is Xavier's last painting
Wow. it's stunning!
Yes. it's marvelous.
It's from his new series;
he's concentrating on the lights
of the Emporda. Right. Xavier?
What can you paint if not
the miracle of creation?
It's truly spectacular.
Are they in your gallery?
Not yet. We're waiting on a few
museums that have shown interest.
- Wow. congratulations. Xavier.
- Thank you.
I love it!
- Shall we go outside?
- Yes.
What a gorgeous table.
This sculpture is stunning.
Well. this one's got a lot of history.
A very important Japanese collector
is coming at the end of the summer
to check it out.
That's great!
Yes. We'll be hosting a big reception
to welcome him. You're all invited.
Let's toast for him!
And Claudia is still in Los Angeles?
Yes... well she arrived yesterday.
but only for the summer.
- But she's happy with her job. right?
- Yes. it's non stop. Traveling all over.
Start taking prawns.
She's new. isn't she?
- Who? Ana?
- Yes.
Yes. Well. we've had her
for a few months.
- What happened with the previous one?
- You know. the usual...
And how is this one?
Where is she from?
Good. she's very discreet.
- Initially we wanted a Filipina...
- They're the best. no comparison!
Yes. but I couldn't find one...
So we tried this one for a few days.
She's Colombian.
It's strange. isn't it?
You don't see many Colombian maids...
- Well. Gisela is also Colombian.
- Yes. the one we have.
- Anyways. we're delighted with Ana.
- Well. I don't know about delighted...
But hey. she's a spectacular cook.
Hey and what about Barça this year?
Well. that black kid better run
fast after what he cost.
- Juan...
- What?
Everything was incredible. Ana.
Thank you.
Thank you. but the merit
is for Mr. Pedro and for Gisela.
Well Pedro. it's all exquisite.
Ana... Can you bring
another wine bottle. please?
The botox that I got is wonderful.
you can't tell at all.
You can keep on putting botox but your
husband will keep fucking his secretary.
As long as he doesn't bother me.
he can do whatever he wants.
She's smoking hot.
and she doesn't mind my belly.
Well. better with your assistant
than with whores.
Yes. my husband really loves whores!
And the kids' nannies!
Does your back hurt?
- Yes. Comes with the job. right?
- Yeah.
My lower back is always killing me...
That's why I've always got this.
- You want one?
- Yes. thank you! You're saving me.
So how long have you been in this job?
Three months. Since I came to Spain.
Oh so recent. so you just got here!
And how is the mother land?
As usual.
I haven't gone back in ages...
And you've got a family there?
My mom and my little sister Eva. Look.
Oh she's so pretty! She's still in school?
No. she just finished high school.
She wants to be a doctor.
I'm sending her money for med school.
Oh that's great! When does she start?
When I finish sending her the money.
But with this shitty salary...
But as soon as they help me
get my papers
I'm gonna find something else. and ciao.
What do you mean?
Yes. Mrs. Andrea told me that in
September my probation will end
and she can help me get me my papers.
But do you have family here.
or Spanish grandparents or something?
- No.
- Then it can't be.
You need to have lived here for 2 years
in order to request the residency papers.
Otherwise you can't.
What do you mean?
Yeah. they can't help
you even if they wanted to.
I have friends who've been
promised the same. and nothing.
That's not what they told me.
I'll ask them tomorrow.
Be careful.
with these people you never know.
Hey! What are you doing
with my seed phrase?
No. I was just here cleaning...
But you didn't throw anything away. right?
Perfect.
- Careful with the sculpture!
- Shut up. look: Ansu Fati!
- Check out this control. Messi!
- Yeah you're just as black as Ansu Fati!
Here! Straight to the foot!
Here! Stop this one!
Are you crazy?
You screwed my sunglasses!
Here I go!
Are you crazy. or what?
Look Ana. I'll explain how it works
so you can make the next round
This is an Aperol Spritz.
We start with the ice.
Then you put three parts Prosecco.
Two parts Aperol... It's the red one.
And we finish with the soda.
And the most important part...
A slice of orange.
Sure. Orange. Got it.
Looks great!
Come on faggy!
OK I'm in. but if he's got something
you'll eat my cards!
- Here you go!
- You motherfucker!
- All for me!
- Next time man!
Next time you're gonna suck my dick!
- Pay him in Bitcoin man!
- Shit. guys! Look at this slut...
- She's fucking hot!
- Who is she?
I'm sure this one swallows it all!
She's looking for it with the slutty pics.
- Worse than Jacobo's sister.
- Shut up. asshole!
Her insta is a slut show. man!
Anita.
can you bring me an espresso. please?
Oh. another one here. please!
Bro. what are you doing.
calling her "Anita"?
- Man it's our thing... we're buddies.
- Get your head out of your ass!
What's going on?
Someone is horny for the Latina?
- Shut up. man.
- Man. I'd do her a favor at 5 AM.
- Better than Walter. for sure!
- Again with the Walter jokes?
Fucking Walter!
Who's this Walter?
Nothing... his father just got
a Filipino butler called Walter.
- Hey are we playing or what?
- And you're hitting on Walter?
8Yeah he jerks me off
with two hands every night.
Why do you want a butler in your home
if you can have a Latina like Anita?
A butler is full class. man.
Anitas are more for nights.
- Well. that's enough. no?
- Relax! It's just a joke!
Enough with the fucking jokes.
you're not fucking funny!
Relax man. no need to get cocky.
Who are you calling cocky?
What's your problem?
Don't make me talk...
Come on. enough.
she couldn't hear us anyways.
Well I warn you.
that was the last one about Ana!
OK...
Who's turn is it?
Ana... can you take a picture of me?
Wait. you look so cute here with the fruit
basket and the fields in the background.
Have you been dieting?
Let's try one looking that way.
And now one where you grab a tomato.
Amazing! Great! You look incredible
in this one. look. You're beautiful!
You know how to do it. right?
Take a few.
Yeah
OK. one second...
Alright. now!
- The screen is blocked now.
- It's all zeroes!
- Ana. hi. What's up
- Mrs. Andrea. excuse me.
- Could we speak for a minute?
- Of course. Ana. what's going on?
- Are you clear about everything?
- Yes. madam.
But I wanted
to ask you about my papers.
which we talked about for September...
Well. for September
if everything is going well...
Sure...
Well...
What's wrong. Ana? Are you alright?
You don't look so good...
Yes... I'm just a bit worried
about all of this...
Why? What's wrong?
Well. as you know I'm sending
most of the money home...
Because I have to help
my sister with tuition.
and the papers are very
important to me. for my stability.
- That's why I'm working so hard...
- Of course. Ana. keep it up.
- But see. the problem is that Gisela...
- Gisela. the Miralles' maid?
Yes. She told me that I can't
get the papers in September.
because I can't apply before 2 years...
What does she know about this?
- Well. I also searched it on Google...
- Ana. don't get stressed.
You're getting ahead of youself...
If in September everything is going well.
then we'll handle the papers. don't worry.
Excuse me. I need to take this.
Hey cutie! How's it going?
All good here for us!
Yes. whenever you want.
Well yes... It's clearly abstract.
Be careful. it's delicate.
And how much did you say this is worth?
Well...
All I know there's a very rich
Japanese coming to buy it
at the end of the summer.
I wonder how much
that Japanese is going to pay...
I heard it will be
Mrs. Andrea's biggest sale ever.
Really?
But do you like this thing?
It's strange...
I feel like someone very far away
was trying to tell me something...
You're the strange one. Anita!
- You're a Pisces. right?
- My sign?
I think so. March 20th.
You see?
You have it painted on your face!
What do you mean?
Cause you're a dreamer... special...
Unpredictable...
And I've always gotten along great
with Pisces!
And are you so rude that you're
not gonna offer me a cup of coffee?
Oh yes of course. how do you want it?
I'll take an espresso. very short.
and with a dash of lactose-free skim milk.
- And with sweetener. I suppose?
- Of course. thank you.
- At your service. Mrs. Gisela.
- M-I-S-S.
Well and later you get dressed
cause we're going to the beach!
What do you mean the beach?
Yeah we're meeting my girlfriends.
I want to introduce you.
No. I can't leave... Mrs. Andrea
told me never to leave the house.
Come on. don't start with that!
They went to the same party as mine.
They always come back late! We go.
we come back. and they'll never find out.
Really?
I don't know.
Hey! Hello!
- We're here!
- At last!
Girls. this is Ana.
Ana. these are Carmen and Luz.
- Nice to meet you. Ana.
- Oh. you're beautiful. huh?
Oh thank you. Nice to meet you!
We were talking about Tinder!
Tinder is full of hot guys right now...
oh my god!
Do you also use Tinder. Ana?
Tinder! Don't you know it?
Oh yeah I've heard of it.
but I've never used it.
Go on! Create a profile. silly!
Bodies need some joy!
And especially us!
I'll take a look later when I get home.
But here we can help you
and explain how it works.
Let's just create a profile and
then you do what you want. OK?
- Yeah. come on!
- No. no. enough!
You'll scare her off on the first day!
Alright. if she doesn't want
to get some joy.
You already have enough joys
with your satisfyer. don't you?
Do you use it too?
What? Tinder?
Yeah...
Especially when I miss my husband.
It's like a game. look!
You browse all these men...
And you decide who you like or not.
- That's a no.
- No.
Do you wanna try?
- Alright
- It's addictive.
This one is so ugly!
- Wow. this one is handsome...
- Let me see?
This Denis is so hot...
Who ordered steak?
- I give him a heart. right?
- Go for it.
Done! Now we wait.
But now don't steal him from me!
Listen to this one...
Oh my god... such boring people!
If I have to hear one more
investment tip from that douchebag.
Here. have some water.
This girl gets sloppier every day...
A lot of
"I'm sorry madam. excuse me madam..."
What is this?
Disgusting!
- What is it?
- I don't know.
It's kind of a soup.
but it smells horrible.
This is the poison for that wild cat.
Throw it around the area
where it comes in.
but careful with the garden plants.
we don't want those to die.
You should put it in a sardine can.
but careful. because it's toxic.
But... couldn't we...
Sorry Ana... this one is urgent...
Hello?
You've got all the instructions there.
We're going to the boat. Ana.
For tonight can you cook the octopus
that's in the fridge. please?
And remember to hit it strongly.
otherwise it's very stiff and it's a pity.
Yes madam.
Well. actually... I read the other day
that it's better to massage
the octopus rather than hit it.
There's a video on YouTube
of this Japanese chef...
it's incredible how he
massages the octopus.
- You're crazier everyday...
- No...
- As always. Ana.
- I'll show you the video!
Annie!
What are you doing?
It's the poison for the cat.
your father gave it to me.
Oh they really want to kill it?
Poor animal...
A party with forty boats
in one of the most stunning coves
in the Costa Brava
has activated all the alarms.
The neighbors of Calella
de Palafrugell denounce
that the gathering of
boats damages the sea bed.
These parties.
known online as "abarlofarres"...
Stop please. stop...
I have a terrible migraine.
There's no more ibuprofen?
I don't know.
but if you have a headache...
You should drink some of my soup...
- This? No. no. no...
- Really. try it.
It's a recipe from my country that
will rid you of your headache instantly
- Just like this?
- Yes madam.
Room temperature
like this it's much better.
Let's go. girl!
- Let's go!
- Be quiet!
OK. ok I'll keep my voice down. but
get ready cause we're going out to party!
- No! Mrs. Andrea told me I can't go out!
- Oh girl. don't start with that shit!
We have rum. it's full of men and all
the girls are there too! Let's go!
Let's do one thing: you go tonight.
and I'll come another night. ok?
Oh my god girl if you don't come.
I swear that I won't speak to you again!
OK fine I'll lower my voice.
but get ready. We're going!
I don't even have anything to wear!
But I knew you would say that
so I brought you here a little dress...
You're gonna look divine!
Boo!
Hey! I couldn't find you.
It would have been easier
with one of those.
No. thanks. I'm fine.
What's wrong? You don't like me?
You can just tell me and that's it.
we stay friends.
OK. I don't like you.
What's wrong?
I'm too ugly?
- Does Princess Ana not like my face?
- Don't touch me.
Don't ever lay a hand on me again
or I'll rip it off! Asshole!
Ana!
Ana? Ana!
Ana?
Ana!
Yes! I'm coming!
Must be nice to wake up
whenever one pleases. huh Ana?
I'm sorry Mrs. Andrea.
I'm coming out right now!
Ana.
Today we would like
to take you with us on the boat.
Thank you very much. sir.
but don't bother. it's not necessary.
It's no bother at all! You haven't seen
the sea around here yet. have you?
- No.
- Great!
That way you'll rest a little too.
It really isn't necessary...
I also have a lot to iron.
- But I appreciate it.
- The ironing can wait.
You have to see
the beautiful sea around here.
You'll love it.
- Well... Are you sure?
- Of course... you work too much.
Do you have a swimsuit?
Put it on
Andrea left you a sarong
in case you need it.
Oh. Ana!
Could you bring me
the sweetener. please?
Ana!
It's beautiful from the sea. right?
Look! Over there there's Pals.
Empuriabrava. Roses...
And see those islands there?
The Illes Medes!
Daddy please leave her alone. I don't
think she wants a geography lesson!
Don't mind him. Ana.
Ana.
Don't you want to swim? It's so fresh!
No. thanks...
By the way...
I talked to the lawyer about the papers
and you were right.
You need to have been here for 2 years.
But don't worry. since you live with us
you don't need the residency papers.
Also. we're very happy with you.
So in September if all goes well.
we'll give you a 10% raise.
Thanks.
Ricard.
It's Mr. Roca.
It's about that stray cat again.
I don't know if you can take care
of it yourself. or you can tell Ahmed...
But what is clear is that someone
needs to take care of this.
I'm sick of this disgusting fucking cats
wrecking up my veggie garden!
Come on. Ricard.
don't give me that story...
If it's a money issue.
just tell me outright.
You just leave some milk there.
come with the shotgun. and that's it!
All these people
ever want is more money...
They only ever think about money.
Come on!
Come on. we'll be so late!
Ana! Come.
Here. this is for this month. since we
won't see each other until next week.
You remember we're coming back
for the party with the Japanese client?
I already called the catering
company but it has to be all perfect.
The house needs to be perfect.
All perfect.
Don't let me down. Ana. please.
I don't want problems like with Gisela.
They had to let her go after last night.
- Excuse me?
- Gisela. the Miralles' maid.
Last night she got home at 5am
completely drunk.
- I hope you weren't with her. right?
- No. no. Of course not. madam.
I hope so.
Let's go?
Hello. you've reached Gisela.
leave a message...
And I'll return your call
as soon as possible.
Ana!
Hey Ana... are you alright?
Yes.
You sure?
If anything's wrong you can tell me.
Yeah... all good.
Alright.
Well. my blue dress
from Reformation is being washed?
Yes.
Shit! OK. no worries.
whenever you get a chance. Thank you!
Tell this Polish dude to scram already!
Come on... OK... Fuck now I'm dead!
- Oh hey Ana!
- Sorry. good night.
Do you know how to play?
Let's play a game?
No. no...
- I haven't played since Mario Kart.
- Really. Mario?
I have it in a cupboard here somewhere.
- Really? And you don't use it?
- Nope... it's been there for years.
It's there!
Let's do a race?
- No. no.
- Come on!
If you beat me.
I'll give you the Nintendo.
- Excuse me?
- I'll give it to you!
You can plug it in your room.
- You have a TV. right?
- A small one.
Perfect!
Ok guys. I'm leaving.
Bye.
Come in!
Take a sit. get comfy.
Hey!
Madam said that you clean the blood.
This one I take for garbage.
What's up dudes!
Tonight's party is gonna be epic!
- Why did you take so long?
- Traffic man!
What did you bring?
What I like. otherwise you
should've gone yourself!
Anita will you join us on the party.
or what?
And the lemons?
What lemons?
You didn't tell me to get lemons
Sorry Ana... Can you go get
some lemons later. please?
And tell her
to get some ice as well please!
Ana please.
and a couple bags of ice!
No. no. no! What does that mean?
Where's that girl?
Put her on.
What's up. you? We had already agreed
on something. hadn't we?
First of all you respect me.
don't "girl" me!
But you have to be a doctor!
Or what do you want? To come here
to clean other people's shit?
You have no idea
what I'm going through here
At the beach?
You think I'm here on holiday.
having a great time?
No! I came here to Spain
because of you!
Because you have a dream
and I'm trying to make it real!
So that you and Mom
can have a better future!
Eva. calm down. OK?
It's not easy to leave one's home.
And I'm here with no papers...
Where do you think you're gonna go?
How old do you think you are?
You're a little girl.
you're gonna be manipulated!
Eva. that's not how things work!
Eva! Eva!
Eva!
Let's meet tonight?
- Will you be home for dinner tonight?
- Fuck!
Shit. Ana. you ruined my swing!
OK but yes or no?
Don't know Ana. don't know!
Don't get stressed!
Oh yeah. tonight there's a Barça game!
We'll have dinner here but then
we're going out to a party.
Yes. I'm leaving for Barcelona now.
cause I have my flight today...
When are you coming back. cutie?
Good morning Ana!
Everything is so clean. right?
I thought it be terrible after the party.
Have you seen my phone?
It's in your hand.
Not this one! The American one.
with the pink case. you know?
Then no. no idea.
Shit. that sucks!
Don't you have that app to search for it?
Nah. I hadn't activated that yet.
Well I have to go now. If the phone
appears just give it to my brother. OK?
Thanks
Ciao. kiddo! Take care!
This guy wouldn't score even
if the goal was the rainbow...
Yeah they could score this one.
Second half...
Memphis puts it in the box...
GOAL!
Shit I was gonna lose 200
if we didn't score!
- Fuck! Careful!
- Sorry. are you OK?
Yes. I'll get it. no worries.
Man relax...
I was craving some jamón...
Great goal.
Yeah. and we were just
complaining about him...
- You're crazy. man!
- Shut up.
- You jump on Anita any chance you get!
- Shut up. idiot.
Hey. and what happened with that
Frenchie girl from last night?
How did that end?
Did you screw her?
Of course I screwed her!
Man. but she kept pulling
the cobra on you.
Yeah. I also saw some cobras.
Because you're a little slow
and you have no idea...
- But I did.
- Dude next time you should take photos!
Yeah right. I'll make a video for you...
Guys!
- What if we take the Latina out partying?
- Shut up dude!
You're not well up there...
It's very early!
Come back in an hour!
But we had said...
Did you open? Who was that?
No. nobody. Wrong house.
That's weird.
Hello? Hello?
Hello?
- What's up? Were you hitting on Ana?
- Shut up man. she can hear everything!
So what? She's so hot!
Yeah she's super fuck-able. But shut up
cause Jacobo is gonna get mad.
What?
After a couple drinks
I'd also give it to her!
Oh now yes?
Didn't you say you don't like Latinas?
Man at 5 am
I stick it like this wherever I can!
That's my tiger!
Don't get too wasted
'cause we're leaving soon!
I'm gonna take a leak!
Mom I can't talk. I'm working. All good?
Alright.
Anita. another Gin & Tonic!
Another one here... 2...
make that 3! 4 please!
Ana! The drinks please!
You asked her for drinks? No. no...
Ana. no worries. We're leaving already.
Wait. Ana. don't go!
I wanna hear a big applause for Ana.
she worked so hard tonight!
Of course! Anita!
You're so pretty! Pretty sexy!
Well done!
Seems like she didn't like the applause...
Let's leave her a little tip. no?
Maybe yes.
for putting up with you all night.
But didn't we say we're taking her out?
Shut up and chip in!
What do you mean a tip. dude?
What's your problem?
Come on throw her some cash.
she treated you like a king all night!
- Hey you'll pay me back in crypto?
- Yeah. sure!
What a shame when poor Ana
finds our charity here.
What do you mean shame?
You're gonna spend more on drinks
tonight than she earns in a month!
OK but at least we should tidy this up
a little. right?
- No way! Let Anita do it!
- That's why we're tipping her. no?
- Fuck. of course she will!
- And with a smile!
Yeah.
not like she's got anything else to do!
Hello?
Hello? Claudia?
The last door to your left.
Hello?
Claudia?
Hello.
Is Claudia here?
Claudia isn't here.
OK... shall I wait for her here then?
She won't come...
It's you and me. Denis.
But...
It was me.
Hey... the house is very nice.
I can give you a tour if you want.
That statue is pretty.
Did you come to admire the sculpture...
Ana!
- Hello! How are you Ana?
- All good. and you guys?
Would you make us one of your
omelettes for breakfast. please?
- OK sure.
- Perfect!
Wait wait! Two of these please.
And bring those Arab pastries
that Ahmed brought.
- You're the fucking best!
- Calm down. you!
- Ethereum is ripping!
- Let's go to the fucking moon!
- The Gogo dancer was a goddess!
- I would've fucked her right there.
You're so desperate mate. relax!
- Shit you've got to get it wet sometimes!
- Then go to the Eclipse Club. man!
It's not worth it with Anita right here!
- Oh... looks delicious. Ana!
- Galactic!
- You take great care of us Anita
- May God repay you!
- And they're amazing. you'll see!
- Sit down with us for a bit. Ana!
Have a beer. come on!
Shit! She's all in tonight! Wow!
How are you Anita?
Did you sleep well?
Yeah. good. Quite well.
Yeah. you know what?
Tonight at the party I realized
I had left my wallet home.
And since we were very close.
I came pick it up.
- Ah. that's great
- Yes...
And when I was picking it up.
I started hearing these weird noises...
And you know what?
I looked in the garden and found
Miss Anita naked in the pool.
fucking this random dude
on the flamingo!
- And she seemed stupid!
- Full equipe Anita!
And what. are you gonna tell on her?
That's exactly what I was wondering.
as you guys sang that great priest song.
Oh God Almighty!
What do you think. Anita?
Should I tell my mother or not?
It's up to you what you think you saw.
and what you want to tell.
Yeah. yeah... OK. I know...
But I think you'd rather
I don't tell my mother. right?
See. I'm gonna tell you
how our night went.
We went to a club that was full.
absolutely full of hot girls.
But surprisingly tonight
we weren't very lucky.
- At least not as much as you.
- We didn't get it wet. tell her straight!
No? Not even with the Frenchies?
So I was thinking...
Do you guys think
Ana had enough fun for today?
Or maybe she still wants
to have more fun?
Cause I don't know...
maybe she's tired...
But what if I don't tell my mom
about the sex on top of the flamingo?
Maybe then she suddenly feels like
having a little more fun with us. no?
Probably yes. no?
Look Anita. listen to me.
We can just settle this here quickly...
we all shut up and it's all good.
A quick round of blowjobs
and everyone goes home happy!
A co-production. Anita!
Do you want me to suck
all of your little dicks...
Or else you'll tell your mommy
what you think you saw?
At last she fucking gets it!
It wasn't so hard!
Well I wasn't so specific. but sure.
seeing how much you like it.
a little favor to each
of us wouldn't be bad!
- You don't have the balls to tell her.
- No? You wanna bet?
Maybe when you find
out I did have the balls.
you'll already be deported in Colombia.
And how do you know your mom will
believe you? It's your word against mine.
Because I'm her little boy...
And you're the Latina
who cleans her toilet. no?
Do whatever you want.
- Calm down!
- Nothing happened. eh!
Look Ana.
Let's talk things out... calmly.
You're here because you need money
for your sister's tuition. right?
Yes.
OK.
How much money you got?
I got 60.
- 170 here.
- Another 170.
OK.
400 Euros cash.
How much is a year's tuition
for your sister?
5.000 Euros.
5.000 Euros!
So then we add 4.600 Euros more...
In Ethereum that I can send
to you right now.
Come.
And you can send it to your sister
in a second. or whatever you want.
And you can keep the job
'cause I won't tell to my mother.
We'll all be quiet like whores!
Win-win. Anita!
Alright let's go!
No. keep your money!
Anita. Anita. listen to me!
Hey! Stop filming. man!
Listen to me... Ana!
Fuck. didn't she like to party?
Anita. Anita! Come on it's no big deal!
You're gonna like it!
Come on. we know you like it!
No you tell your mom
and her sister's med school is over!
She'll be a fucking cleaner like her!
Just keep on throwing arrows!
- Ana listen to me. you're gonna like it!
- We know you love it! Ana!
- Come out. silly!
- Come on. Anita!
What are you doing guys?
Come on. stop!
- That's it. guys!
- Fuck off. you started it!
The number you have dialed
doesn't correspond to any client.
Ana!
Ana! What are you doing like this?
Can't you see how late it is?
- The Japanese are coming in 4 hours!
- Yes madam. I was cleaning that area.
Go put on the blue uniform!
And make up your hair!
You're not dressed yet?
I was trying to get rid of the cats.
We've been invaded.
Yes. it's all a mess.
I told you we should've come yesterday.
Is Ana in the kitchen?
I don't know. I haven't seen her.
But the table isn't set yet.
Yes. there's so much to do still.
We should just fire her right now.
And then who's gonna help us
with everything for the Japanese?
I already called Ahmed
to come get her at 6pm.
For now we need her help with all of this.
and close the sale of the sculpture.
Every time I think about it I get sick...
In our pool! Like a pig!
- No. don't laugh!
- Sorry... But...
Well. just breath.
A few more hours.
and at 6pm Ahmed comes. and ciao.
I'll see how she's doing in the kitchen.
Where were you? All good?
- Yes madam. I was in the bathroom.
- Sure. in the bathroom.
Come. there's a lot to do
in the garden still...
Starting by getting rid
of that disgusting flamingo!
Excuse me. excuse me!
I just want to reiterate how truly blassed
we are by your presence. Mr. Hirayama.
It's a great honor that you made such a
long trip to be here with us today.
and share this beautiful change
of different cultures.
Unfortunately the artist couldn't be here
with us today.
but they didn't want to miss the chance
to personally introduce
this wonderful piece so...
they have prepared a short video
in your honor. Mr. Hirayama.
Ana? What do you think you're doing?
This is the last drop...
Come!
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm